# Player
player_moveSpeed = 8.0f
player_baseHealth = 250.0f
player_regenerationRate = 0.005f
player_progressExp = 750

# Camera
camera_viewSize = 1.2f
camera_trackingOn = 120.0f
camera_trackingOff = 5.0f
camera_speed = 12.0f

# Level generator
levelGenerator_levelNumberMultiplier = 5
levelGenerator_roomsNumber_min = 8
levelGenerator_roomsNumber_max = 14
levelGenerator_roomSize_min = 8
levelGenerator_roomSize_max = 12
levelGenerator_corridorLength_min = 4
levelGenerator_corridorLength_max = 7
levelGenerator_corridor_width = 3
levelGenerator_enemiesFrequency = 0.08f
levelGenerator_chestsFrequency = 0.08f
levelGenerator_chestsCoinsMultiplier = 1

# Bullet
bullet_speed = 30.0f

# Entity
entity_rndMoveIntense = 4000.0f
entity_heavyTank_health = 200.0f
entity_heavyTank_strength = 200.0f
entity_tank_health = 120.0f
entity_tank_strength = 120.0f
entity_medium_health = 100.0f
entity_medium_strength = 80.0f
entity_assasin_health = 50.0f
entity_assasin_strength = 70.0f
entity_lightAssasin_health = 15.0f
entity_lightAssasin_strength = 60.0f

# Exp
exp_perEnemyKill = 3
exp_bonusLevelCompleteMultiplier = 1.5f

# Sound
sound_volume_effects = 100.0f
sound_volume_music = 20.0f